📝(README) update readme with instructions about xapi-service image (#7)
openfun/learninglocker-docker: README.md

# Learning locker docker images

This repository contains the `Dockerfile` to build images for:

- [learning locker](https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker), a LRS to store and analyze xAPI statements.

> - [xapi-service](https://github.com/LearningLocker/xapi-service), a service for xAPI develop by learning locker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [xapi-service](https://github.com/LearningLocker/xapi-service), a service dedicated to xAPI requests.
```

> We follow the learning locker's tag, so an image will have the same tag you can found in learning locker and xapi-service repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We follow learning locker's versions, so images built from this repository will have the same tags you can found in learning locker and xapi-service repositories.
```

> ## Building a learning locker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building learning locker image
```

> To build a learning locker image, you have to pick the right [tag](https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker/tags) to use and then build it using the docker command, Here with the tag `v2.6.2`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a learning locker image, you have to pick the right [tag](https://github.com/LearningLocker/learninglocker/tags) to use and then build it using the following docker command (here with the `v2.6.2` tag):
```

```bash
$ docker build -t fundocker/learninglocker:v2.6.2 --build-arg LL_VERSION="v2.6.2" learning/
```

> ## Building a xapi-service image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building xapi-service image
```

> To build a xapi-service image, you have to pick the right [tag](https://github.com/LearningLocker/xapi-service/tags) to use and then build it using the docker command, Here with the tag `v2.2.15`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the xapi-service image, you have to pick the right [tag](https://github.com/LearningLocker/xapi-service/tags) to use and then build it using the following docker command (here with the `v2.2.15` tag):
```

```bash
$ docker build -t fundocker/xapi-service:v2.2.15 --build-arg VERSION="v2.2.15" xapi/
```

## How to use the CI

> The CI configured with this repository will test if the image can be built correctly but is also able to push images to docker hub when we tag this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI configured in this repository will test if the image can be built successfully for a particular release, but it also pushes images to docker hub when this repository is tagged.
```

> Here are the step to follow to push a new image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the steps to follow to publish a new image:
```

> - Edit file `.circleci/releases.sh` and change the tag version corresponding to the image you want to push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Edit the `.circleci/releases.sh` file and update the tag version corresponding to the image you want to publish.
```

> - Commit your changes and once merged into master you will be able to tag a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commit your changes, submit a pull request and once merged into master you will be able to tag a new version.
```

> Tags must follow those pattern depending the image you want to push:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags must stick to the following patterns for the image release you want to publish:
```

> - `learninglocker-v.*` if you want to push a new learning locker image. _eg_: `learninglocker-v2.6.2`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `learninglocker-[RELEASE_TAG]` if you want to publish a new learning locker image (_e.g._ `learninglocker-v2.6.2`),
```

> - `xapi-service-v.*` if you want to push a new xapi-service image. _eg_: `xapi-service-v2.2.15`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `xapi-service-v.[RELEASE_TAG]` if you want to publish a new xapi-service image (_e.g._ `xapi-service-v2.2.15`).
```

> ## Use learning locker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the learning locker image
```

> You have to configure your learning locker image using environment variables. You will found all available variables in the [project documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#learning-locker-application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to configure your learning locker image using environment variables. You will find all available variables in the [project documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#learning-locker-application).
```

> There is no entrypoint nor command configured in this image. You will have to declare them when you run your container. Here are the commands to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no entrypoint nor command configured in this image. You will have to declare them explicitly when you run your container. A list of commands to use _per_ service follows:
```

Author: weird I don't have the whitespace at the beginning in local...

Reviewer: Have you seen the rest of this suggestion (we don't care about this space)?

$ docker-run --rm fundocker/learninglocker:v2.6.2 node cli/dist/server
```

> ### Use xapi-service image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the xapi-service image
```

Author: I should also change the title for learning locker ? In one hand we have `Using the xapi-service image` and in the other hand `Use learning locker image`

Reviewer: I thought I've added it.

> You have to configure your xapi-service image using environment variables. You will found all available variables in the [project documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#xapi-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to configure your xapi-service image using environment variables. You will find all available variables in the [project documentation](http://docs.learninglocker.net/guides-configuring/#xapi-service).
```

> The entrypoint in this image will run the xapi-service, you have nothing special to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the entrypoint from this image will run the `xapi-service`, so you don't have to declare a command.
```
